hello doctor, i get a cough for the last few days, which is heavy during night times. no raise in temperature but feeling tired with no travel history. no contact with any covid-19 persons. it has been four to five days and has drunk a lot of benadryl and took paracetamol too. doctors have shut the op so do not know what to do? please help.
thank you doctor,i have phlegm but not a lot. a tiny amount comes out most of the time. i have no difficulty in breathing. no medical conditions and not a smoker nor a drinker.
hello doctor,i am a 23-year-old man. i have anxiety and depression but no immunodeficiency disorders or chronic diseases. first, i wanna know if my immune system is weakened and how likely am i to die of coronavirus.second, i have itchiness in my throat and shortness of breath. i always have it because of anxiety but now it is more persistent than before. i also feel a very subtle feeling of pain, burning sensation and itchiness in my chest. i did not go out during the past ten days and have not been in contact with someone with positive covid. and i quit smoking past week. down to one or zero cigarettes from 20 a day. why am i feeling itchiness and pain and burning sensation? how likely am i to have covid-19? and how likely am i to die from it?
hello doctor,last night i was getting chills, feeling more cold than usual and lightheaded and a lot of burping. maybe like every 30 minutes or less or so feel more chills running down my body and chest feeling bit weird like i am starting having trouble breathing then goes back to normal and repeats, with weird feeling like chills down my left and right lungs or left and right upper chest. also, my heart was pumping fast. also, some minor coughs were there since seven days ago, still here. i have white mucus and have not gotten yellow yet.i took medicines yesterday but today i got severe cold and flu medicine with a pain reliever, the chills did not go away. then today, i called the doctor on the phone and told him what happen last night and the same thing happened this morning too. i had minor coughs, feeling lightheaded, feel like maybe cannot breathe or something, and a lot of burping. i told him the burping issue was going on for at least two years, but somehow this time i am feeling lightheaded. he just gives pepcid, a try maybe gerd. i ate that today still feeling chills now and still burping a lot.right now, still some chills on arms, with breathing issue or something makes my chest feel weird and arm sometimes. so, should i be worried? i do not think i have a fever now but do not feel hot on the forehead? was it gerd or flu, it is coronavirus or something else? i hope it is not coronavirus.i am 21 years old and weigh around 110-115 kg.
thank you doctor,i woke up this morning, i had trouble sleeping being worried, but i got some sleep then nearby phone ringing woke me up.so far, seems no one got any severe coughs or pain so far. i only hear minor coughs the past week or so. thanks for those medicine recommendations for sleep. i fall asleep quicker, usually, it takes me around one hour to fall asleep on most days.i will try to avoid smoking as much as possible. yes, i will be staying inside since many places are on lockdown. and school is online. i recently turned on the air purifier to clean up some air for allergies possible viruses but makes me cold. i might not need ac unless really hot.i will be staying home for the next month at least. my chills right now are feeling a bit better, but a little sick only because maybe i did not get enough sleep.i stay in san francisco ca, united states, and there are close to 40 confirmed cases around here. no severe reports near my district, and have not heard anyone in serious condition.so, last week i have a sore throat and tonsil pain while swallowing for a few days, then one day drank a lot of honey and water and some tea, then it got better. not sure if it got smaller, but the pain was less now though. between my tonsils in the middle (behind the tongue) looks like my throat, got some red stuff, maybe looks like inflamed or rashes. any recommendations? any foods or drinks that can help?
thank you doctor,as of now 12:40 pm i am breathing harder than usual since 30 minutes ago. i only ate some breakfast and drank water.here is my story: before feb 28th - no issues at all, besides always burping a lot, sometimes bloating, no coughs, tonsil was enlarged for a while, no lightheadedness, no breathing problems, not sick.friday february 28th - i woke up feeling unwell, drank water went back to bed, came back out super lightheaded about to faint, lied on bed for an hour, came out stomach feeling weird, even more lightheaded about to faint, can barely even eat a little noodles and two small pieces of spam, vomited it, then four more times which as water or acid. hours later was better.saturday february 29th - diarrheasunday march 1st - diarrheamonday march 2 - diarrheatuesday march 3 - diarrheawednesday march 4 - no stoolthursday march 3 - no more diarrheafriday march 4th - monday march 9th - no issuesmonday march 9th - feeling better, no problems, enlarged tonsil, no coughs really.sunday march 15 - no problems besides burping, minor coughs, some sore throatafternoon i ate chicken, burping a lot, stomach uncomfortable, felt like breathing problems, chills on hands, chest and left and right side, felt like could not breathe. 20 minutes later, still chills breathing a bit better, lightheaded kind of feel like fainting, then went to bed for 15 minutes (the breathing problem and weird chest feeling comes back randomly), ate tums, then later i drank cough and flu medicine.on monday march 16 - woke up around 11:30 am, feeling breathing problems, chills around body, lightheaded again, chest feeling weird, burping a lot, and i described my story to doctor he said it sounds like you ate something bad, does sound like gerd, of course we do not know for sure unless lab tests maybe on stool. he asked have you tried stronger antacids like pepcid or zantac?i said no. then doctor asked me to try pepcid and tell me how it goes.tuesday and wednesday march 16/17 - feeling better, no lightheadedness, no more chills, minor coughs, sore throat, burping a lot, no breathing problems so far. pepcid no problems so far besides making me burp almost all day.wednesday night still coughing a lot and drank severe cold and flu medicine.thursday march 21 i woke up fine, then once ate pepcid and drank some water, heart rate was going really fast, started to make worried, called doctor office they said can you count your beats per minute, then i counted, my phone was showing my heart rating going to 120 bpm, when i counted to them was not 120 bpm, then they told me to call back if it gets worse. then shortly after, i drank some water and ate a little bit of breakfast. my heart rate started to drop slowly and was getting better after that.friday march 20- 10 am i woke up with some chest pains (chest area above the stomach), then some coughing and feeling a little sick, little lightheaded, heart beating fast, breathing harder, felt of shortness of breath. drank some water and breathe harder, a little bit of mucus.15-20 minutes later no more chest pains, still breathing harder.11 am - still breathing a little bit harder than usual, coughing would make me breathe even harder. better now, but still breathing a little harder than usual.11:30 am moving makes me breathe harder, sat in bed.11:58 am - feeling a bit better12:10 - feeling like breathing a harder than usual.after an hour later, feeling better now which is strange. not sure if its heart problems, acid reflux, chest issues, or esophagus.
thank you doctor,i went to the store to look for zantac they did not have it, so i talked to the pharmacy they said sounds like could be some weird chest tightening and the doctor said since pepcid and zantac are the same. he said to try ranitidine.right now i tried pepcid again like now, for the first five to ten minutes i think it means me feel more nervous or anxiety or something, i tried to calm myself by putting fingers on teeth. then i think now it did not cause my heart to beat super fast this time which was strange. even water makes my heart beat a little faster. should i stick with pepcid? finish the entire bottle? i think it has 20-30 pieces.i used to lie down after a meal a few years ago like i get hungry before i go to bed then i started eating snacks and lying down. sometimes i starve myself. sometimes i wake up with acid feeling in my mouth.i don't know why i woke up this morning with chest pain, like the middle area right above the stomach and felt like i had breathing problems, breathing harder than usual, drank water and barely could eat breakfast (lasted for at least 30 minutes+). i then waited a bit after 10 minutes, drank hot water and ate breakfast, i started to breathe better again.could it be shortness or breath? may be blood pressure? esophagus issue? chest issue? heart issue? i am having weird breathing. should i be worried?
thank you doctor,i was trying to finish the bowl of food in one hour. i was eating veggies and rice, halfway through felt something like acid may be some pain in chest and throat. feeling lightheaded so ate some meat to then coughed after.
yeah if it doesn't get better laryngoscopy would be perfect. okay, i'll give it some time thank you!i try to eat vegetables and fruits. i don't eat much junk food that much. i used to eat more junk years ago, but now mostly vegetables, fruits, meat (pork, chicken, beef, fish) usually not fried, and tried to eat whole wheat bread with fried chicken patty from the super market (for school lunch) since its cheap and its chicken (stopped now after acid problems), don't really eat french fries, pizza or drink soda etc...exercise, haven't been exercising these few months. i have been telling myself that, but then i haven't really been doing it. used to a lot years ago, now barely.since high school, when i exercise running when i try to get air feels like throat is tight or chest is tight and air is trying to squeeze its way through. after this point high school until college feels like i'm not breathing enough air. when i was younger (elementary/middle school) felt like i gotten a lot more air then now through my throat and air doesn't squeezes through.one doctor just used stethoscope for heart and lungs, told me to breathe hasn't said much about it. then another doctor said, sounds you are not breathing that much, feels like not getting another air (in high school, like 4-6 years ago maybe), they didn't do much about it.so, when i try to breath regularly, seems like not much air comes out through mouth even before acid reflux,.that's why recent breathing problems kinda worry me, but anyways yeah like that.
hi, i am chaitanya, 27 years old. i use to swim daily in morning. does covid-19 spreads through water ? what precautions should i take to avoid infection?
is vomiting and diarrhea a symptom of covid-19?
my dad last week was vomiting and had diarrhea now this week it has turned into runny nose and a cough...no fever....any chance it’s covid-19?
i am getting headache at night. been battling with a sore throat and post nasal drip. no fever. cough only slightly at times. i went for laproscope and removal of my fallopian tubes on 2nd march. all this started after that. must i test for covid 1o?
true or false? anyone infected with covid-19 start have diarrhea and increases the chances of death compared to person who just start respiratory symptoms, why?
do people with the covid coronavirus get any diarrhea? if yes, how bad is the diarrhea, and what portion of infected people start having diarrhea?
i have mild asthma which is well controlled if i were to contract covid 19 would i experience any difficulties as can’t seem to find much information on asthma patients who have had the coronavirus many thanks ?
i read that people taking steroids for asthma are at higher risk for poor outcomes from covid19. does this include inhalers containing steroids? also, is mild intermittent asthma a risk for poor outcomes or only more severe forms of asthma? thanks
what symptoms would make you think i do not have covid-19. i have a bad cold, but got diarrhea twice, so does diarrhea mean it is not covid?
have read covid-19 news quoting some experts as saying that we will see more confirmed cases as more tests are performed, but the mortality rate should drop as that happens. any sign of that yet?
last tuesday i had a flu shot and a neumonia shot. i am 68 and male. i had a very sore arm and felt bad the next day in which i had blood drawn for a test. the results showed a high white cell blood count as well as high anc and amc. could these high readings be because of the shots the day before?
my father recently passed over the weekend. his body was fighting an infection along with pneumonia for 1 week. during that time, he would urinate bloody urine into the foley. the doctors said that was completely normal. it was very dark red. is that normal?
i was diagnosed with pneumonia on june 30. i finished taking my antibiotics and cough pills. i still continue to cough sometimes gaging. shortness of breath and wheezing, i have an inhaler, i am not coughing up anymore phlem. my doctor says to take mucinex dm. i have finished a bottle. i also have taken robitussin cough medicine. she also sd cough cld last up to 4-6 weeks.
hi my husband has been diagnosed with pneumonia and given roxithromycin, he s had a heart transplant 4 yrs ago he is very tired hardly eating or drinking pretty larthargic to be honest should i be taking him to hospital we are now on day 3 on the antibiotics with no improvement what would you suggest?
i ve been diagnosed with pneumonia (i am 63) on monday evening. my daughter (31) is exhibiting the same symptoms - went to her doctor and currently taking z-pak. i was prescribed azithromysin 500 mg for 5 days. i was concerned since we were experiencing the same symptoms. we spend time together but she is married and lives in town. i am married and my husband is not experiencing any symptoms. totally confused. is there a way to know if you have a viral or bacterial pneumonia. i have had all kinds of different blood work done, chest x-ray, - can they tell? how long is pneumonia contagious? she has 2 children and we re trying to figure out if it s okay to have someone else watch the kids. they are not sick at this time.
18 month old with chronic running nose and cough since august 2014 diagnosed with bacterial infections took antibiotics did not get better. january 26th and chest x-ray found pneumonia. took antibiotics did not get better with runny nose and coughing. 10 weeks later another chest x ray still found pneumonia. has been taking clindamyacin for 11 days now does not seem to be getting better. and just now been prescribed proventil and qvar. but if she is suffering from bacterial infection with those inhalers make it worse
my 19 year old son was diagnosed with pneumonia 5 months ago and was given antibiotics but with minimal results. unfortunately he still suffers from the same symptoms but since he is in the military he refuses to go back to the doctor for fear of reprisal. his cough is still deep and his energy is low. are there any long term repercussions for his lungs if he continues without treatment.
my mom had pneumonia, bronchitis, the flu and a fungal infection in her lungs. when i brought her to a local hospital she was intubated and had to be ambulance two hours away to a hospital that had a bed for patients on a ventilator. she was on a ventilator for three days and they discovered the fungal infection at the hospital. she was there for a total of 15 days. when i brought her home she was given a home health physical therapist, home health occupational therapist, home health nurse to help me take care of her she is still having quite an issue with breathing she can do only so much and gets out of breath, does anyone have any ideals or respiratory rehabilitation or any help they can offer so that my mom can breathe easier to be able to walk and do what she did prior to this illness thank you so very much.
hi, i m a 55 yr old white female, 5`4 , 180 lbs. i had childhood asthma and bronchitis, and were given steroids frequently. i seemed to grow out of it at age 17. during the last 14 yrs i ve developed fibromyalgia/chronic fatigue, ra, for 14 months my sed rate stayed at 53-108 and they could not find out why, cushing s syndrome, neuropathy of the feet, and most importantly - hypogammagobulinemia. i rec d igg iv s monthly for 4 yrs, then lost insurance 6 yrs. ago. i m disabled and on medicare, i haven t rec d iv s in 6 yrs. during that time i ve had pneumonia 17 times, once was septic pneumonia, constant sinus problems, pcp infection and a rare form of arthritis associated with the hypo (the dr. couldn t tell me the name of it). i have contacted medicare, foundations and pharm companies trying to get help to start treatment again. reaching out to any possible help has been met with apathy and no one would try to point me in the right direction. i m really worried and would like to know my chances of surviving if i can t get the igg treatments. thank you very much for your time.
the reading of my chest x-ray states that there are hazed and confluent densities seen in the left upper lung field. the rest of the lungs are clear. the heart is not enlarged. the rest of the included structures are unremarkable. i am very much worried because the impression states that i have minimal ptb, left with pneumonia. please advice me on what to do best as i fear this might affect my application for renewal of contract.
my mother has cre/resistant klebsiella pnuemoneae(excuse the spelling) she is allergic to most antibiotics,sulfa, & penicillin. she has been treated five times obviouly they haven t worked in full! she easily goes anaphylactic! mid way through treatments. last trtmt. was 7 days ago. 1st day , iv ertapenem 1mg and litocane, prior to trtmt. she premeds w/ 50 mgs oral benedryl,1 hour cooktime prior ttrtmt.there was to be an additional 9 doses im and on 6th dose went into shock. she is being readmitted in a.m. for another attempt she is trying oral doses of colodial silver. help what to do? how long can this go on before she dies? what are the symptoms of death dur to cre?
i was given amoxycillin for a chest infection and did not improve after 48 hours, therefore i went back to the gp who then gave me clarythmomycin as it resulted in pneumonia. i have been off work for 3 weeks now and feel completely washed out and exhausted. i had a chest x-ray which was clear, but was given an inhaler temporarily as i was out of breath and wheezy. i still have an incredible amount of phlegm which has now changed from brown to sometimes green to clear. unfortunately, for last 3 days, my trachea is extremely bruised to touch and feel as if someone is pressing my windpipe. although my tonsils aren t swollen, my ear hurts deep inside. i have had to start taking paracetamol again this week as feel weak, wobbly and feel as if i am going backwards again instead of improving. i am 45 years old. non-smoker.this is the 3rd time i have had pneumonia in 18 years. i am reasonably fit and healthy, and i don t suffer from colds normally, but whenever i come down with something, i seem to suffer with it. how long does it take to get back to normal? are the trachea symptoms part of the initial pneumonia symptoms or would i need to see the gp again. i am feeling extremely fed up of generally feeling unwell. i am taking a tonic (metatone) and drinking and eating healthily. basically, is it normal to feel this unwell for so long.
i was diagnosed with pneumonia and pleurisy friday 6/22/18.  dr gave me azithromiacin and 800mg of ibuprofen .  that was 4 days ago.  azithromiacin has one pill left, and i no longer take the ibuprofen as not needed.  to date, i take sudafed pe and robitussin dm with expectorant & suppressant.  every 4 hours when the meds wear off, my fever returns with body aches, chills, headache, and coughing. i continually cough up flem, and when lying down need to clear my throat every 30 seconds. i'm also bloated and get air bubbles under my ribs that are painful.
i ve had symptoms of cough, headache, stuffy nose, fatigue, and sore throat for 4 days. i know these are typical of common cold. however, once before (18 months ago), when i just tried to ride it out, i developed pneumonia and was in hospital for several days. are there any precautions i can take now to prevent this from getting complicated? thanks.
my sister, age 72, and living alone drove herself to an emergency room at 4:00 a.m. with temperature of 101+, chills and a little dizziness. they diagnosed her with pneumonia. she has copd and uses inhalers and oral meds. i am concerned because she just told me she is extremely tired and has been under a lot of stress due to move from home of 45+ years, family concerns and loss of husband 2 years ago. she had hip replacement three months ago. i live an hour and a half away and am wondering if i should drive to her city and check on her. she does have a son and a neighbor friend looking in on her.
what is a right central pneumonia? my diagnostic x-ray report states there are hazy densities in the right perihilar and paracardiac areas; trachea is midline; cardiac sillhouette is not enlarged; hemidiaphragms, costophrenic, sulci and bony thoracic cage are unremarkable. i don t understand it.
hi, my uncle has been diagnosed with liver cancer and he is in the last stage. after the first chemotherapy he has been admitted to hospital due to pneumonia. is he again diagnosed with lung cancer? and what are the chances of getting cure? what treatment you would like us to get it done.
i have been on methadone for approx. 5 years now at a dose of 30mg taken 4 times daily. this has not only stopped any unpleasant withdrawl symptoms but has also offered considerable relief in easing chronic pain from a severe back injury 11 years ago. for the first 3 years of taking the medication i found that while it was effective in these areas their was an exceptional side effect in that it absolutely obliterated any interest in sex or even the ability to physically have sex. also i found that i had next to no energy, making many things i used to enjoy fall by the wayside which in turn led to severe depression. after extensive talks with my doctor i was sent for blood analysis and it was found that my level of testosterone was so low it barely registered. i was then put on a 3 week cycle of injections of 2mls of delatestryl and for the past several years i have been the person that i used to be (it gave me my life back). know i have been given a new doctor at the clinic i attend and he has informed me that he is only there to prescribe methadone and will not be responsible for any other prescriptions. i do not have a family doctor and our emerg has said that this falls outside their domain. the walk in clinic treats every individual that i know so badly that their is no doubt in my mind that they will refuse to continue this presciption. (to give you some perspective on our walk in clinic - i went their several mnths back with sever pneumonia and the doctor looked at my chart once and told me that i would get know %$# narcotics from him and to leave immediately) any suggestions on how to get across to my knew methadone doctor (who has only been in prescribing methadone for 2 months) just how much this would severely negatively impact my life?
my daughter is 11 years old she has has pneumonia she has been sick since january 3rd symptoms keep changing. she is up at night itching all over her upper torso, head, and ears. she has major headache and abdominal pain.. she is very upset and crying because this is going on way to long and she has seen many doctors with no relief any suggestions. tried most itching products what could be causing the head pain and stomach pain. they check her today for appendicitis
i was given a steroid shot at 10am this morning when it was discovered that i have potential pneumonia. i was also proscribed an inhaler and a strong antibiotic, both of which i am now actively taking as directed. the dr offered a cough syrup with codeine for assistance with sleeping through the symptoms that have been interfering with my ability to sleep, which i declined due to being someone who never takes medications at all and fear of having so much in my system at once. the dr. clarified that nyquil would be just fine if needed and if i m more comfortable with. i m having some anticipated potential insomnia from the steroid, and some heart palpitations, and i have an irregular heart palpitations to begin with. i feel inclined to take the nyquil to ensure i get desperately needed sleep, but am concerned with all that is on board, etc. definitive guidance would be so greatly appreciated, thank you in advance!
my 62 year old sister is currently hospitalized for pneumonia that was dx after foot surgery related to a fall. she had breast ca 8 years ago. currently taking tamoxifin. brca ii gene. 3 sisters also with gene mutation and hx of breast ca. youngest sister passed away from recurrance of breast ca. (mets to lungs, liver and bones.) hospital ruled out blood clot in lung. dx with pneumonia. should ct scan be done since she has has a long standing cough and multiple bouts of pneumonia.
hello, i have had a chest infection about once a quarter for the last year and a half . i was diagnosed with asthma not long ago as well as having developed pneumonia for the first time in the past week. what could be causing such frequent illness? i have generally been a healthy person for all of my life. sick maybe once every four years.
how many tablets of levofloxoacin would it take for a older person who is be told he is just coming down with pneumoria (he already has taken 4 pills & i am to give him another at 4 oclock, the reason i am asking this question is he had a fall & broke his hip but seem to have confusion & i had the doctor give him medicine for the confusion, but can not start it until he finish 6 more pill, thank you for any help you can give me.
my son is 4 years old. at the age of six months he suffered from pneumonia.since then he has problem of coughing at the interval of 1 to 2 month. the doctor provided bactoclav and beta2 cough syrup till he became 2 years old. but there is no any improvement so the doctor refered budecort 200mcg/dose 2 puff at a time twice a day n also a nasal spray beclometason dipropionate bp 50 micro gram. but still the case is not improve. the frequency of coughing starts almost every months. please suggest me what could i do now?
hi gud day doc.i had this right paracardiac pneumonia last nov.27 2013..and i undergone treatment for 2 weeks... after that.im not able to comeback in the hospital for further check up...about my illness....but every now and then im suffering backpain and chestpain...but i also had an asthmatic condition...how can you help me ...
i am recovering from pnuemonia. i was thinking that that i tore a muscle coughing but now i am beginning to wonder. on the right side of my chest, under my breast it hurts when i cough. it hurts when i press on it, but when i pinchthe muscles with my fingers i have no tenderness. it hurts as i go to touch my toes. could i be having a problem with an organ under my ribs ? i have no pain on my left side.
my dr. did a routine cnbc last week. his nurse called and my blood showed signs of anemia. ok today his nurse called and the blood they deeper searched on showed: the disease of chronic pneumonia? ok i do not have hiv/aids. my question is she said no cure. my mom died from a chronic infection in her longs acronym boop. i contacted cdc.gov they put me in touch with center for rare diseases. no cure for mom. question: the told me boop was not genetically transferred. this is exactly how my moms lung diseases started. is thimy lung disease genetic? is it curable? help please
my 3 year old son is complaint of stomach pain he also has fever and 1 week before he was diagnosed with pneumonia.he was on amoxicillin.he just finished his antibiotics yesterday and this morning he has fever stomach pain increased heart rate what is causing it
i am positive for alpha 1 but at this point am not being treated. i developed bilateral pneumonia 4 weeks ago, have been on two rounds of levaquin, and other than my fever leaving (which was 102 for three days) don t feel any better. my ribs feel like someone punched me, and whenever i cough, i taste copper which i am assuming is blood. it s probably from how hard i cough,. been to the doc twice, this time added mucinex to the mix to try to loosen things up. not sure how much longer i can do this! yyyy@yyyy
my mother was admitted to st. jude s last wednesday with pneumonia. she is 82 and also has copd and parkinson s. she was treated with antibiotics and released four days later. she is to continue with antibiotics treatment at her skilled nursing facility for another 7 days. the day after she returned to her skilled nursing facility, she was given a new roommate who has advanced pneumonia and in critical condition. a few days earlier, the doctor at the hospital said that my mother s pneumonia was negative and she was taken out of isolation. is it dangerous for my mother, who seems to be recovering or has recovered from her pneumonia, to be placed in the same room as a patient with advanced pneumonia?
my daughter has been sick with the flu for over a week and now has strep throat and pneumonia. she s saw her doctor, ran some tests and her white blood cell count keeps dropping. they just sent her to the er. what would cause her wbc to drop? i know there s probably a few reasons, but given this recent background of her health?? thank you. very worried mom
i have been using cpap machine for a year on pressure 6 with a nasal pillow mask.  i have never had pneumonia in my life.  i am 52 years old and just got my first case of pneumonia (discovered by a cat scan).  could the cpap machine be responsible for causing my pneumonia.  they also found a small 3mm nodule.
i am a 76 year old female non smoker and non drinker i drink 1 cup of decaf a day . in the past year i have had 3 or 4 bouts of pneumonia one was infiltrated just got bronchitis i have have been treated with z pack and amoxicillin to taking blood thinners due to atrial fibulation. i have a pacemaker i had a pneumonia shot in 2011 .one month after taking the shot i got pneumonia. my brother who is 2 years older had the very same reaction. our parents were very heavy smoker can this be the cause of all my problems now.
how much will this cost? i have had pneumonia 8 time last year. not 1 specialist could find the bacteria causing this. by december of that year i almost passed away. i had just been dismissed by a hospital and sent home, and 1 hour layer i could barely breathe. i was filling up with fluid and foamy blood was coming out. the paramedics saved me and took me to another hospital the drs. found a serious heart condition, still waiting for open heart surgery. i fill up to my bronchials with fluid every few weeks, it bubbles up and i can hear gurgling. i have no lung problems, such as copd, or emphasyma. what can i do.
hi, my name is becky and i exasberated back in sept with heavy pneumonia in my right lung...... the last few months i have experienced tremendous hair loss and breakage--it is so thin i only have about 1/3 of my hair left but no bald spots. i also have a big lump (or bulge) about 1 inch above the base of my hairline on the back of my head. it goes all across the back of my skull. any advice? i thought you were here to help....... but hell no....... everybody wants my money....... which i don t have. thanks alot
hi, i got diagnosed with pneumonia yesterday and have been sent home with antibiotics (amoxicillin and doxycycline) i was just wondering what the risk factors would be if i were to have at least one cigarette? i know it wouldn’t be good for the healing process(will probably slow it down) but is there any serious risk with smoking (ciggerattes or maybe even weed mixed with tobacco?) my doctor at the hospital that diagnosed me knew i smoked and also knew i smoked at least one or two bongs and he said nothing when i was leaving about trying not to smoke etc etc?
i have been sick for a week with what i thought was a head cold. my temp keeps going up and i m having trouble breathing. sinuses are clear, ears are ringing but semi clear but hurt when swallowing along with sore throat. non productive cough but lungs feel heavy and full. could this be pneumonia i have developed? i have at it before. i must tell you that i do have asthma. thank you!
hello, im a female of 26, heavy smoker with last breath reading of 33 and drink daily. on thursday i suffered from a severe headache which stayed until friday evening, as the headache subsided i had a tingling and pressure sensation over head which was also over my nose. i have had no fever, cold etc yesterday i felt very lightheaded and also after an episode of diarrea this morning am lightheaded again... i have no trouble breathing as such but i suffer from anxiety which i think has been happening alot today. i have had some twinge type pains in my lower chest ( like at the bottom of ribs) for a few days but not necessarily when i breath in and out and when i do cough i have had mucus? come up, it s almost like it s stuck in my throat also.... i have some head pressure and am getting cold feet every now and then everything i ve checked says pneumonia does this sound like what i could have or could it just be anxiety, i m a little worried...the symptoms separately come and go but my head stays feeling.a little heavy! chills now and again
my mother was diagonesed with multiple myloma after a hip fracture surgery 5 yrs ago by dr mathews at st. stephens. she was treated for the cancer at aiims. the disease has advanced now and as a result she developed aspirational pnemonia . due to a knock down incident we rushed her to max hospital on 19th jan and ever since she is on the ventilator all though some antibiotic is being administered there is talk of trichotomy for her. since its nt possible to take her home and in her stage more than anything palliative care is reqd. max being to expensive is nt sustainable. is stephens the right place for taking care of her? can she be please adjusted in the icu there? also, what wouldbe the cost per day?and who will be the pulmonary expert?
i've been recently having more nose bleeds lately. 4-5 times per day to be exact. and i have the worst cough ever that comes with it. even when i am asleep my nose starts to bleed and i wake up due to the blood running down my mouth. is this pneumonia?! or some other illness?
about 6 weeks ago i was diagnosed with pe in right lung and phnemoia in the left lung. i was in teh hospital for 9 days. i am on 20mg of warfin per day! my blood levels are holding steady at 2.67. yesterday i had a bit of lower back pain and today it is between my shoulder blades, mostly on my right side. it hurts my back to breathe, swallow, and move. just sore muscles or could it be something serious with the blood clot? i hate to rush into the doctor if it is nothing....i hope you can help! thanks
hello sir this is arvind from lucknow ...sir my mom is suffring from lugs pnemonoia.......she was hospitalized 15 days in hospital but ,,,,still she is suffer from pneumonia.....there are many check up has done ...during ct scan of thorex  a mass of cell is seen in right lungs ......but i get test  a fnac through usg and ct guided ... but there is no maligant cell are seen in both fnac... sir i am very worry about this i am not able to undestand what i  should do for  it......pls give me better advice which hospital will be best for me ......
hello doctor,my mother is an asthamatic and diabetic and has been suffering from pneumonis and being treated an madam mohan malviya hospital in malviya nagar delhi. the doctors there have recomended for a hrct test done for her chest. cld u recomend the hospital where we shld go for this test?
i am 63 years old female a year ago i had bacterial pneumonia and since then i am not feeling normal, also pulmonologist told me i have copd , i am not smoking since pneumonia have spiriva once a day and advair 500 twice /day, don feel that is doing any good anymore is there any other medicine that may help me to function more normal? apparently anoro ellipta was approved by fda but is not on canadian market yet, thank you zofia
hello,i am a student and dealing with a microbiology assignment.i am given a paitent sample.my paitent is 4 years old -diagnosis pneumonia- summary of peresent illness =recurrant colds, ear infections,and bronchitis.she has been sick for past 3 weeks. developed a fever yesterday.also nausia and vomiting,muscle aches.past medical history= cystic fibrosis diagnosed at age 3.i did all the lab work and found out that the bacteria causes the disease is psudomonas aeruginosa. what is the appropriate treatment? please help.
my 80 year old wife is home recovering from pneumonia (double) twice in august. her blood pressure has dropped to 82/44. how dangerous and how can i increase the level. hospital sent her home with oral antibiotics the first time, no antibiotics the second time. she has been treated for this disease 4 times in past 12 months.
my daughter is 3 and a half...has had pneumonia twice and is currently being treated with seretide inhaler, ventoline exohaler, brozedex and ebastel.  her chest infection though isn't clearing and her appetitie is low.  she complains of chest pains.  what is the best way to get her treated and cured?   she has used seretide for over 4 months now and it has a steroide and that may have side effects, but the doctor says she must have it to stop the infection, but that isn't working either.
i have a aunt that is in the hospital at st vincents blount in alabama she may or not have pneumonia she hasnt never eat right all she lives on is coffee and junk food and toaster strudel, what causes naited however u spell that she tried to eat something but she got nasated.
i have had constant chest inf was hospitalised for 4 days said they think phnewmonia out now still on lots of anti biotics and steroids however i'm still sweating have right lower back pain and still really coughing and short of breath. i am mbl deficency and alpha 1
i have been sick for going on four weeks now. it keeps changing each week from a stuff nose wear i cant breathe at all to my throat hurting and my chest hurting when i breathe or talk. im constantly falling asleep and keep having a fever on and off all the time. i went to the urgent care a week ago n they said i had the beginning of pneumonia. he only gave me a zpack and some cough medicine. the thing is i feel worse not better at all....what should i do?
i was swimming in a pool on 2/15 and i slipped and went under the water unexpectedly and i wound up choking quite badly on some water.  i couldn't catch my breath and i felt like i had water in my lung that i couldn't expel with coughing.  yesterday i began having a hacking cough and a sore throat (fells like my throats on fire).  today i feel even worse, my cough is worse and sounds more "cruddy" and my throat still hurts, my head is pounding and my body is starting to ache.  could i be developing aspiration pneumonia?
i have pneumonia and i am on levaquin with one day left on my cycle but i feel really crappy, tired, short tempered, headache, and my temperature is 97 do i have anything to worry about? before taking the levaquin my temperature was around 102.4 and normal for me is 98.6 on the money.
my husband has advanced m.s.  after battling a cough for a month, he had a chest x ray and we were told he had pneumonia. he was on an antibotic for 10 days which ended 1 week ago today. his nurse was here halfway through the dose and said his lungs sounded clear  he has not been coughing or a temprature in over a week. this evening he started coughing, phlegm is not discolored but when he coughs there is a strange odor that i can not describe. i have never smelled an odor like this
i have been ill for 6 weeks and my gp suspected pneumonia and i was put on antibiotics.  the third one has almost cleared the infection.  however, i had an x-ray and it apparently showed nothing at all, although all my symptoms were in line with pneumonia and my gp had definitely heard a lot of crackles in the left lung.  is it possible that i had pneumonia if the xray was clear?
i am 33 years old, i was diagnosed with pneumonia almost a month ago after a short period of low grade fever and dry cough. even after treatment with 4 courses of antibiotics dry cough has not resolved.i am having pain on the right lower side of the rib which is constant and experiencing back pain and pains all over my back and chest in a nonspecific pattern. a chest ct was performed and found subsegmental consolidatory changes in the anterior and lateral basal segments of right lower lobe with bronchial wall thickening, minimal ground glass opacification in the adjacent posterior and medial basal segments, few small mediastinal and axillary lymph nodes, plus few lymph nodes seen in the pretracheal region, few of them showing dense calcification.my last lab report from december 23rd is as followstotal count-7200/cummneutrophils-70%, lymphocytes-28%, eosinophils-2%esr-28 mm/hr.still i am having fatigue, dry cough and pains. what can it be?
name: brentage: 22sex: malesymptoms : i have a cough that seems to be reccursive. it occurs usually at nightime, or if i gave a very intense sneeze or laugh. when this cough occurs, it is very dry, that it would sound like a yelping dog.  also, besides cough, i do experience a reccursive runny nose, sometimes coupled with watery red eyes and itchy throat. the runny nose discharge is transparent, almost like saliva or tears. ironically, after a while, these symptoms would disappear, and when they do disappear, i feel completely normal.  i have already consulted a doctor and was diagnosed of allergic rhinits. she adviced me to take anti histamines, either zirtec or iterax, which ever do i prefer. unfortunately, it works at often but not at all times. how many days?:reccursive cough has been going on since april of this year. as for the runny nose, since november of last year allergies: not that i know of, when i was five years old, i remember being diagnosed of primary complex, but was able to be treated before it goes into something else.  also, tb runs in the family, as my uncle had it before, and so as my mom (although the doctor said it was already a scar).  as for me, 2009 was a stressful year. there were months, when my hours of daily sleep was only around 3 to four hours due to school work. also, for a period of time i was involved in smoking, although it has been a month since i stopped. doctor, i would just like to know what are the chances of me, acquiring respiratory illness like pneumonia or tuberculosis, or development of asthma? also, if i get to consult a doctor personally with my parents, will the doctor be able to detect my past smoking habit, based on the procedures he will do, or with tests that he will recommend like xray? the truth is, i am hesitant to go to a medical clinic, because my parents have to accompany me, and i am afraid that the doctor might make "bisto"  towards my parents, as they don't know that i do smoke.  but i do really want to seek medical attention. besides the incovenicence of symtpoms, i am worried that it might be something serious.  hoping for a  share of your brilliant expertise. thank you doctor and good day.
my boyfriend was put in the hospital for strep a nemonia 5 days ago yesterday they done another x ray and said that his nemonia was getting worse and had spread to his left lung and was also in his right real bad they also done a culture on the stuff that hes been coughing up out of his lungs and today they told us he has staph in his lungs how dangerous is this and what should be done
just found out i was pregnant. yesterday diagnosed with pneumonia. i am a high risk pregnancy. fertility issues, pcos, weak cervix. delivered first daughter at 29 weeks, miscarried, and gave birth at 38 weeks to second daughter, but was on bedrest for weak cervix beginning at 5 months. i m a wreck. when i miscarried they said my progesterone level is low which caused me to miscarry, and gave me progesterone shots every week. can t see doctor for two days.
i was recently diagnosed with pneumonia. i believe this started from bronchitis. i am now having some mild chest pain after a meal and it goes into both shoulders and can last anywhere from 15 to 90 minutes. any ideas. this has occured for about two weeks. i am taking ceclor.
i have been recently diagnosed w the flu (nose swab test done). i am 34 years old- ex-smoker (quit completely for 7 years now) however each year i get "walking pneumonia" at least once. i'm almost certain i've got it again now. anything i can do to stop getting pneumonia??
hello. about 3-4 weeks ago i was diagnosed with pneumonia. after two weeks i felt well enough to start getting back out, but i continued to cough up mucus. i got in the swimming pool last night and it was an outdoor pool and kind of cool. this morning i woke up with fever, wheezing bad and my back in my lung area hurts so bad. the coughing is getting worse too. could the pneumonia have came back or never left? what should i do?
my daddy is mystenia patient and he is suffering from pnemonia , and has been given augmneton from 3 weeks three times a day. now when we have done his sputom test , he has got gram -ve as 2+, so he is been given medicine doxiflow, and have been asked to go for asthama test. i am afraid if this is really a asthama case
