thank you doctor,after doing all these i can upload all for further query.
thank you doctor,how many tablets of azithromycin to be taken? is it in the morning? i want to make you know that i have already taken azithromycin five days before. should she start it? and also can i start an iron tablet today itself?
thank you doctor, i really appreciate your help so much. i appreciate your time and effort to help me and give advice. only thing i am worried is just the chest pains, breathing issues and esophagus and throat stuff. i will try to wait two to three hours after eating or drinking before bed now. i hope to get less chest issues when i wake up.
sounds good! awesome! appreciate your time and effort to help, this means a lot. very patient and kind!descriptiondoes covid-19 spreads through water? what precautions should i take to avoid infection?dialoguepatient:hi, i am chaitanya, 27 years old. i use to swim daily in morning. does covid-19 spreads through water ? what precautions should i take to avoid infection?
can taking extra vitamin c every day help prevent you from catching the coronavirus or the flu? if so, how much vitamin c is recommended?
i have pneumonia and my doctor has me on strong antibodics and albut in my nebulizer. yesterday after a treatment i spit up fresh blood and i have this second day also. i m on blood thinners and wonder if that may be my problem. i feel better in other ways.
i had suffered with harpez and pneumonia. i had taken zovirax intravenous depomedrol,tricot xylocaine and finally seftum 500 mg. the eruptions and irritable skin in groin and arm pits. my face looked i was older than my age. one day out of a miracle i had formulated my own drug which has saved me. the drug is powdered ammoxycilin 500mg, seftum500mg, althrocin 500 mg, cifran 500mgin right proportions. i applied to my groin, face, armpits. also like homeopathy i tried taking one milligram of this mixture rubbed on epiglottis. my life style has changed completely and would like to recommend to this entire world that this is a miracle drug that can keep in abeyance many diseases of the world. no side effects. excellent health, looking 30 years younger with no damage to skin and any side effects, b.shankar sharma, mail address yyyy@yyyy
i was given doxycycline while in the hospital for pneumonia and took it several days when home. since march 3rd i have had loose bowels. i took peto-bismol for a week and no help a week ago i started imodium softgetl and only little help...then i read about probiotics and started taking ultimate flora probiotic 80 billion live cultures.. the question is can i take imodium also the same day? thanks
well quick question i had pneumonia back in november2013 and theres a concern i have now i took antibiotics s and got better but im simply not all there in the breathing department. lately ive been waking up with a raspy chest but goes away as day progresses also feel as tho if i had dust in my throat when i manage to get the plegm out its not all colorful its just clear. i get a tight chest feelings sometimes albuterol does help before exerting myself/ excersise.
